[Music]
Wow
now that's something I can get behind
what oh la third-world country
hey we going on a potty well today man
you excited I just want to sleep oh hey
Ryan P [__] last night whose draw
[__] Andre
Dolson just toss it off
[Music]
but what do you most looking forward to
it which fun all the twitch horse what
happens it's the bus tips from my
enormous white man or there's no seat
belt oh we're all gonna die yeah the
water's right now this is sweet
I'm gonna go [__] I wish it on the floor
in here yeah man over here
I'm going to twitchcon to defend my
ladies
give me my shield and saw Friday I went
to fit with the hats we stop somewhere
for food please yes chick light
[Music]
so bad
I'm surprised on that dead man I treat
my buddy so poorly
[Music]
country
[__] gather round
[Music]
where have you been young man listen
Brian dirty cold man what sort of duty
was that that was a girl
where's her name I can't kiss and tell I
don't remember a name everyone coffee
that oh thanks man Tara are you sure it
was a girl shut up bro I woke up from a
nap it's still high I was like am I
getting sick cuz I'm just brain dead I
have a shower and I had one drink of
wine I'm like I'm still high twist on
man which time baby let's go see some
nurse
Puckett's let me in [__] idiots
domain
we're getting drunk no sink get me a
backpack full of gang stuff and I'm
gonna go get some teens high on energy
hey you alright
man tastes like blender you want real
energy gameis off camera sucks
I [__] love gamers so we mix I was
brought up with a little bit of luck to
test me out
[Music]
[Applause]
now we have some band me off the top
we're on high laughs man we're wanted
criminals in this place bro [__]
plus my girls make me feel free email
this sucks
a Monde geek out I hope they come with a
newsman me
[Music]
GetGo
hi
blog now with the clockwork
my voice can list
while you young listen to give you don't
need that
definitely
delete the footage man deleted
all right bowling with James key and the
boys at four that's after we leave this
place man I love it here man
everyone is so nice
like we got balsam [__] over with you
man there's not any condoms [__]
garbage hey Soph this is
[Music]
they wouldn't let me fall in my easy
I don't touch balls man
only [__] well you got football huh can
we go eat Mexican food all right my
pothole huh it's off the Mexican food
what the [__] you putting it up your ass
this one's with your mouth let's suck at
this game I'm not wide enough
James why I want to come forward
[Music]
falling Sun [__] off you big white devil
[__]
it's eye-popping look at these hot women
she's all [__] man
take ecstasy man I'm gonna miss me I'll
see that bring the camera
[Music]
what time is it so much for p.m. out at
room service I'm not moving man I'm
standing and sitting right here for the
next few hours what happened last minute
alcohol it's evil Brian this was meant
to be a pokeyman but it just came out
like demons Eric that's what that one of
Eric at the party
this is me with loco Darko he's a
veteran league player I think he coaches
now me with fed and puck
this is me with xqc and squishy and me
and Marco Ruiz
[Music]
Scot say funny stop stop
next week on Chad's vlogs Chad gets a
bit more than he bargained for when he
takes to the LA streets on his scooter
the fattest man in the world tries
exercise for the first time
a gang fight erupts in our Airbnb made
sure to subscribe and hit that Bell to
tune into the action because if you miss
out you may be autistic
[Music]